cpart Lu174 charge zero
cpart anti_nu_e charge zero
cpart Al27 charge zero
cpart Si28 charge zero
cpart Si28 charge zero
cpart Si27 charge zero
cpart Si28 charge zero
cpart Si28 charge zero
cpart Si28 charge zero
cpart Si28 charge zero
cpart e+ charge zero
cpart Lu176 charge zero
cpart Si28 charge zero
cpart Al26 charge zero
cpart Si27 charge zero
cpart Si30 charge zero
cpart Si28 charge zero
cpart Si28 charge zero
cpart Na22 charge zero
cpart Si28 charge zero
cpart Si28 charge zero
cpart Si28 charge zero
