cpart Mg26 charge zero
cpart Be8 charge zero
cpart Be8 charge zero
cpart Mg24 charge zero
cpart Be8 charge zero
cpart Be8 charge zero
cpart Be8 charge zero
cpart Be8 charge zero
cpart B9 charge zero
cpart Be8 charge zero
cpart Be8 charge zero
cpart Be8 charge zero
cpart Be8 charge zero
cpart Be8 charge zero
cpart Be8 charge zero
cpart Be8 charge zero
cpart Be8 charge zero
cpart Be8 charge zero
cpart Be8 charge zero
cpart Mg23 charge zero
cpart Be8 charge zero
cpart Si28 charge zero
cpart Be8 charge zero
cpart Be8 charge zero
cpart Be8 charge zero
cpart Be8 charge zero
cpart Be8 charge zero
cpart Be8 charge zero
cpart Be8 charge zero
cpart Be8 charge zero
cpart Be8 charge zero
cpart Si28 charge zero
cpart Ne21 charge zero
cpart Be8 charge zero
cpart Mg25 charge zero
cpart Be8 charge zero
cpart Be8 charge zero
cpart Be8 charge zero
cpart Be8 charge zero
cpart Be8 charge zero
cpart Si28 charge zero
cpart Be8 charge zero
cpart Si28 charge zero
cpart Mg26 charge zero
cpart B9 charge zero
cpart Be8 charge zero
cpart Si28 charge zero
cpart Be8 charge zero
cpart Si28 charge zero
cpart Be8 charge zero
cpart Be8 charge zero
cpart Be8 charge zero
cpart Al27 charge zero
cpart Be8 charge zero
cpart Be8 charge zero
cpart Si28 charge zero
cpart Be8 charge zero
cpart Be8 charge zero
cpart Be8 charge zero
cpart N11 charge zero
cpart Mg24 charge zero
cpart Be8 charge zero
cpart Si30 charge zero
cpart Si28 charge zero
cpart Be8 charge zero
cpart Si28 charge zero
cpart Be8 charge zero
cpart Be8 charge zero
cpart Be8 charge zero
cpart Be8 charge zero
cpart Be8 charge zero
cpart Si28 charge zero
cpart Be8 charge zero
cpart Be8 charge zero
cpart Be8 charge zero
cpart Be8 charge zero
cpart Be8 charge zero
cpart Be8 charge zero
cpart Be8 charge zero
cpart Mg26 charge zero
cpart Be8 charge zero
cpart Al27 charge zero
cpart Be8 charge zero
cpart Be8 charge zero
